---
title:  'CP630 project proposal<br>You Project Title'
author: name(s)
date: 2020-03-24
---

## Introduction

General description and rationals of your project. 

The problem to addressed should be a data oriented EC applications. 

## Problem solving and algorithms

1. Application data
 
- data representation and dataset design
- data collection and pre-processing
- you are allowed to use existing datasets for your project. 

2. Models to represent information, knowledge and patterns. 
3. Algorithms to solve the problems and compute the models.

## Proposed System Design

1. System design of your solutions as an enterprise computing application.
2. System architecture (better use a diagram to illustrate the components and their relations. 
3. Platform and tools to be used in the project. 

## Project plan and schedule

List of tasks/milestones/check points of your project with time schedule. For team project, it needs to provide the roles and tasks of each member.   


| Task ID | Description   |  Due date | Lead   |  
| :----:  | :------------ | :-----:   | :------: |  
|  1      | Project research & team up | Day 7 of week 9 | all members | 
|  2      | Project proposal | Day 6 of week 10 | all members |
|  3      | Problem solving, dataset  | Day 6 of week 11 | who  |
|  4      | Algorithms and model R7D  | Day 6 of week 13 | who  |
|  5      | Component development     | Day 6 of week 14 | who  |
|  6      | Component development     | Day 6 of week 14 | who  | 
 

## References

A list of references you read for your project. papers, articles, available datasets repositories. 


## Appendices

1. Check the project [readme.txt](readme.txt) for detailed requirements and evaluation. 
You need to describe and claim new features in your project, so it is good (not required) to mention some new features in the proposal. For example, 

- You can introduce more security features such as password encryption and HTTPS for web component access. 
- You can try domain deployment WildFly for load balancing. We only did standalone deployment.
- You can try to deploy on Spring boot based microservice component on Docker or K8S.
- You can use Big Data tool for model computing (will be covered in weeks 10-12). 

        
2. You may use html elements and css for better presentation of your proposal. For example, this html document is generated by using [proposal_template.md](proposal_template.md) and  [proposal.css](proposal.css) and the following pandoc command   

~~~
pandoc  -s  -i proposal_template.md -o proposal_template.html --css=proposal.css
~~~

When can submit your proposal in html with css and image files or the PDF file of your proposal.  
